pervy wippleman kimchi and the you
Kundun giant come move ah let me tell
you something little man
I don't need some retarded looking geek
like you to conduct an interview with me
I want you to understand something and I
want you to listen real good time after
time I have told you that the doctor
does not deal with geeks but time and
time again you stand here with that
smirk on your face and those big ears
and a receding hairline that's almost
non-existent and you look at me in the
eyes if you're my equal when you're not
my equal
you don't come anywhere near dr. harvey
wippleman as a matter of fact I wish you
would take your bald head and just get
on out of here and let me conduct this
interview myself cuz you ain't worth it
what